CURL_EXAMPLES.md, before:

# Testing with ``curl``

- [Observability endpoints](#observability-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/config](#config)
     - [GET /api/health](#health)
- [/api/bot endpoints](#apibot-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/bot](#get-a-list-all-active-of-bots)
     - [GET /api/bot/{id}](#get-a-single-bot)
     - [PATCH /api/bot/{id}](#update-a-single-bot)
     - [GET /api/bot/{id}/channels](#get-a-list-of-active-channels-the-bot-is-participating-in)
     - [POST /api/bot/{id}/channel/{channel}](#add-a-channel-to-the-active-channel-list)
     - [DELETE /api/bot/{id}/channel/{channel}](#remove-a-channel-from-the-active-channels-list)
- [/api/chain endpoints](#apichain-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/chain](#get-a-list-of-all-exercise-chains)
     - [GET /api/chain/{id}](#get-a-single-exercise-chain)
- [/api/conversation endpoints](#apiconversation-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/conversation](#get-a-list-of-conversations-by-channel-name-regex)
     - [GET /api/conversation/{id}](#get-a-single-conversation)
     - [POST /api/conversation/{id}/message](#add-a-message-to-a-conversation)
- [/api/exercise endpoints](#apiexercise-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/exercise](#get-a-list-of-all-active-exercises)
     - [GET /api/exercise/{id}](#get-a-single-exercise)
- [/api/workshop endpoints](#apiworkshop-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/workshop](#get-a-list-of-all-active-workshops-by-workshop-name-regex)
     - [POST /api/workshop](#add-a-new-workshop)
     - [GET /api/workshop/{id}](#get-a-specific-workshop)
     - [PATCH /api/workshop/{id}](#update-a-workshop)
     - [POST /api/workshop/{id}/start](#start-a-workshop---status-to-active)
     - [POST /api/workshop/{id}/next](#advance-to-the-next-exercise-in-the-workshop)
     - [POST /api/workshop/{id}/observation](#add-an-observation-to-the-current-exercise)
     
## Observability endpoints

#### Config 
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/config
```
#### Health 
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/health
```

## /api/bot endpoints 

#### Get a List all Active of Bots
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/bot  
```
#### Get a single Bot
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001
```
#### Update a single Bot
```sh
curl -X PATCH http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"description":"A New Description"}'
```
#### Get a list of active channels the bot is participating in
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001/channels 
```
#### Add a channel to the active channel list
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001/channel/DISCORD_CHANNEL_NAME
```
#### Remove a channel from the active channels list
```sh
curl -X DELETE http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001/channel/DISCORD_CHANNEL_NAME
```

## /api/chain endpoints 

#### Get a list of all Exercise Chains
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/chain
```
#### Get a single Exercise Chain
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/chain/a00000000000000000000001
```

## /api/conversation endpoints

#### Get a list of conversations by channel name regex
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/conversation
```
#### Get a single Conversation
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/conversation/c00000000000000000000001
```
#### Add a message to a conversation
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/conversation/DISCORD_01/message \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"role": "user", "content": "This is a new message"}'
```

## /api/exercise endpoints

#### Get a list of all active exercises
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/exercise
```
#### Get a single exercise
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/exercise/b00000000000000000000001
```

## /api/workshop endpoints

#### Get a list of all active workshops by workshop name regex
```sh
curl "http://localhost:8580/api/workshop"
```
#### Get a list of workshops by workshop name regex
```sh
curl "http://localhost:8580/api/workshop?query=^p"
```
#### Get a specific workshop
```sh
curl "http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001"
```
#### Add a new Workshop
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/new/a00000000000000000000001 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Super Duper Workshop"}'
```
#### Update a workshop
```sh
curl -X PATCH http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Updated Workshop Name"}'
```
#### Start a workshop - Status to active
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001/start
```
#### Advance to the next exercise in the workshop
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001/next
```
#### Add an observation to the current exercise
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001/observation \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Observation1"}'
```

Commit message:

Added stepci testing for add_message and reset_conversation.

CURL_EXAMPLES.md, after:

# Testing with ``curl``

- [Observability endpoints](#observability-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/config](#config)
     - [GET /api/health](#health)
- [/api/bot endpoints](#apibot-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/bot](#get-a-list-all-active-of-bots)
     - [GET /api/bot/{id}](#get-a-single-bot)
     - [PATCH /api/bot/{id}](#update-a-single-bot)
     - [GET /api/bot/{id}/channels](#get-a-list-of-active-channels-the-bot-is-participating-in)
     - [POST /api/bot/{id}/channel/{channel}](#add-a-channel-to-the-active-channel-list)
     - [DELETE /api/bot/{id}/channel/{channel}](#remove-a-channel-from-the-active-channels-list)
- [/api/chain endpoints](#apichain-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/chain](#get-a-list-of-all-exercise-chains)
     - [GET /api/chain/{id}](#get-a-single-exercise-chain)
- [/api/conversation endpoints](#apiconversation-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/conversation](#get-a-list-of-conversations-by-channel-name-regex)
     - [GET /api/conversation/{id}](#get-a-single-conversation)
     - [POST /api/conversation/{id}/message](#add-a-message-to-a-conversation)
- [/api/exercise endpoints](#apiexercise-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/exercise](#get-a-list-of-all-active-exercises)
     - [GET /api/exercise/{id}](#get-a-single-exercise)
- [/api/workshop endpoints](#apiworkshop-endpoints)
     - [GET /api/workshop](#get-a-list-of-all-active-workshops-by-workshop-name-regex)
     - [POST /api/workshop](#add-a-new-workshop)
     - [GET /api/workshop/{id}](#get-a-specific-workshop)
     - [PATCH /api/workshop/{id}](#update-a-workshop)
     - [POST /api/workshop/{id}/start](#start-a-workshop---status-to-active)
     - [POST /api/workshop/{id}/next](#advance-to-the-next-exercise-in-the-workshop)
     - [POST /api/workshop/{id}/observation](#add-an-observation-to-the-current-exercise)
     
## Observability endpoints

#### Config 
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/config
```
#### Health 
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/health
```

## /api/bot endpoints 

#### Get a List all Active of Bots
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/bot  
```
#### Get a single Bot
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001
```
#### Update a single Bot
```sh
curl -X PATCH http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"description":"A New Description"}'
```
#### Get a list of active channels the bot is participating in
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001/channels 
```
#### Add a channel to the active channel list
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001/channel/DISCORD_CHANNEL_NAME
```
#### Remove a channel from the active channels list
```sh
curl -X DELETE http://localhost:8580/api/bot/bbb000000000000000000001/channel/DISCORD_CHANNEL_NAME
```

## /api/chain endpoints 

#### Get a list of all Exercise Chains
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/chain
```
#### Get a single Exercise Chain
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/chain/a00000000000000000000001
```

## /api/conversation endpoints

#### Get a list of conversations by channel name regex
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/conversation
```
#### Get a single Conversation
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/conversation/c00000000000000000000001
```
#### Add a message to a conversation
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/conversation/DISCORD_01/message \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"role": "user", "content": "This is a new message"}'
```
#### Reset a conversation
This will update the version, and set the status to complete, leaving no active conversation for this channel. A new active:latest conversation will be created when it is needed. 
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/conversation/DISCORD_01/reset \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" 
```

## /api/exercise endpoints

#### Get a list of all active exercises
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/exercise
```
#### Get a single exercise
```sh
curl http://localhost:8580/api/exercise/b00000000000000000000001
```

## /api/workshop endpoints

#### Get a list of all active workshops by workshop name regex
```sh
curl "http://localhost:8580/api/workshop"
```
#### Get a list of workshops by workshop name regex
```sh
curl "http://localhost:8580/api/workshop?query=^p"
```
#### Get a specific workshop
```sh
curl "http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001"
```
#### Add a new Workshop
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/new/a00000000000000000000001 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Super Duper Workshop"}'
```
#### Update a workshop
```sh
curl -X PATCH http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Updated Workshop Name"}'
```
#### Start a workshop - Status to active
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001/start
```
#### Advance to the next exercise in the workshop
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001/next
```
#### Add an observation to the current exercise
```sh
curl -X POST http://localhost:8580/api/workshop/000000000000000000000001/observation \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Observation1"}'
```
